# Reza Aliasgari Renani

**Email:** [rezaaliasgarirenani@gmail.com](mailto:rezaaliasgarirenani@gmail.com)  
**LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/reza-aliasgari-renani](https://linkedin.com/in/reza-aliasgari-renani/)  
**GitHub:** [github.com/rezaaliasgarirenani](https://github.com/rezaaliasgarirenani)  

---

# Education

- **Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (MIPT)**  
  - **Degree:** B.Sc. in Technical Physics  
  - **Dates:** September 2020 -- June 2024  
  - **GPA:** 4.56/5.0  
  - **Thesis Title:** Investigation of the effects of low energy (1 - 20 keV) electrons and high energy (1 MeV) gamma quanta irradiation on the electro-physical properties of dielectric-semiconductor structures.  

- **Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (MIPT)**  
  - **Degree:** M.Sc. in Applied Mathematics and Physics  
  - **Dates:** September 2024 -- June 2026  
  - **GPA:** 4.5/5.0  
  - **Thesis Title:** Investigation of the effects of radiation on FPGA-based signal processing systems for space applications.  

# Research Experience

- **Laboratory of Modeling of Mechanical Systems and Processes (MMSP, MIPT)**  
  - **Position:** Engineer / Technician  
  - **Dates:** March 2023 -- July 2024  
  - **Responsibilities:**  
    - Designed, developed, and analyzed models for a CubeSat orbital deployer and vibration fixture using SolidWorks.  
    - Created multiple prototypes, which passed random vibration simulation and dynamic analysis, and tested them on the UVE 4000 vibro-stand.  

- **Institute of Microelectronics Technology, Russian Academy of Sciences (IMT, RAS)**  
  - **Position:** Laboratory Researcher  
  - **Dates:** March 2023 -- July 2024  
  - **Responsibilities:**  
    - Maintained experimental devices and developed [applications](https://github.com/rezaaliasgarirenani/IMT-Automation) in MATLAB to automate experimental techniques.  
    - Developed theoretical understanding and mastered experimental techniques to study semiconductor devices.  
    - Conducted experiments on microelectronic structures, processed data, and provided insights by comparing results with theoretical models.  

- **Design Center for the Development of Microprocessor Technology for AI Systems, System-on-Chip Development Laboratory**  
  - **Position:** Programmer / RTL Design Engineer  
  - **Dates:** August 2024 -- Present  
  - **Responsibilities:**  
    - Translated complex mathematical algorithms into efficient Verilog code.  
    - Developed a variety of image processing algorithms in Verilog.  
    - Created comprehensive test benches and utilized Python for simulation automation.  
    - Synthesized, mapped, and routed HDL codes for specified hardware.  
    - Designed and conducted laboratory experiments to evaluate FPGA device performance under simulated space-like conditions.  

# Publications & Conferences

- **Journal Paper:** R. Aliasgari Renani, O.A. Soltanovich, M.A. Knyazev, S.V. Koveshnikov. "Investigation of low energy electron irradiated SiO₂ based MOS devices by capacitance-voltage and thermally stimulated current techniques." [Russian Microelectronics, 2023](https://doi.org/10.1134/S1063739723600516)  

- **Presentation:** R. Aliasgari Renani, O.A. Soltanovich, M.A. Knyazev, S.V. Koveshnikov. "Study of SiO₂ based MOS by capacitance-voltage and thermally stimulated current techniques." [ICMNE 2023](https://icmne.ftian.ru/wp-content/uploads/icmne-2023_e-version.pdf), p.122  

- **Poster:** R. Aliasgari Renani, O.A. Soltanovich, M.A. Knyazev, S.V. Koveshnikov. "Investigation of electrically active defects introduced into silicon oxide by irradiation of low-energy electrons, by methods of Capacitance-Voltage characteristics and thermally-stimulated current." [CALT 2023](https://cebt23.iptm.ru/download/numbered/91.pdf)  

# Projects

- **[Investigation of Non-Conservative Electric Fields and Voltmeters](https://github.com/rezaaliasgarirenani/Non-Conservative-Electric-Fields-and-Voltmeters)** (May 2022)  
  - Designed an experimental setup to analyze position-dependency of voltmeter readings in parallel circuits.  
  - Demonstrated the non-intuitive potential differences generated by changing magnetic fields.  

- **[Aircraft Detection System](https://github.com/rezaaliasgarirenani/Aircraft-Detection-System)** (June 2022)  
  - Investigated and applied algorithms to detect aircraft using photoresistors and transistors.  
  - Developed a system capable of rotational and translational movement to track aircraft.  

- **[Model Rocket](https://github.com/icarus-imperium/rocket-2025)** (April 2023 - 2025)  
  - Constructed a model rocket with a 40 and 60 Newton-second impulse as part of a team.  
  - Successfully launched 4 model rockets throughout 3 consecutive years at the Cosmonautics Day festival of MIPT.  

- **[Model Lunar Rover](https://github.com/rezaaliasgarirenani/Rover)** (June 2023)  
  - Collaborated on a machine capable of navigating obstacles without round wheels.  
  - Tested multiple prototypes, with the final design approved by the laboratory head.  

# Technical Skills

- **Expert:**  
  - Automation of Experimental Techniques  
  - MATLAB, Simulink, HDL Coder  
  - Verilog, RTL Design  
  - FPGA, ASIC and SoC Development  
  - Fixed Point Computations  
  - SciPy, NumPy, cv2  
  - OriginLab  

- **Proficient:**  
  - Python, C++, Arduino  
  - Jupyter Notebooks, Octave, Anaconda  
  - Git, Unix OS  
  - SolidWorks  
  - ERDAS IMAGINE  
  - PCB, EasyEDA  
  - OpenRocket  

# Awards

- **State Scholarship, Isfahan University of Technology** (September 2019)  
- **Non-paying participant of the [5th Eurasian Aerospace Congress](https://congress.aero/en/)** (July 2023)  
- **Full State Russian Scholarship for Foreign Students, MIPT** (September 2024)  

# Languages

- **English:** Highly Proficient (TOEFL iBT 113)  
- **German:** Limited Knowledge (B1 ÖSD)  
- **Russian:** Limited Knowledge  
- **Farsi:** Native